All Rights Disclaimed.
This plugin, developed by
Alexandria Bailey, is made
available to the public
without any reservation of
rights. It is intended for
open use and distribution,
with the understanding that
any usage, modification, or 
alteration of the code is 
strictly prohibited. 
The original author,
Alexandria Bailey, hereby 
disclaims all liability and
responsibility for any 
consequences incurred from 
the use or misuse of this
software.
By using this plugin, you 
accept the terms specified
herein and agree to abide by
the restrictions outlined.
Furthermore, any and all
works of code produced by 
Alexandria Bailey shall fall
under the purview of this
license.
For further details or
inquiries, please contact
Alexandria Bailey.
